feat: add STS for agones (#8)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/multiplayer-services/steelshield/steelshield-for-agones.md

Author: Yes, it will be a separate PR.

> # SteelShield for Agones

Author: _Protecting game server capacity_ is quiet long. How about:

- Server Protection
  - Ports and Protocols
  - Gateway Policies

Server Protection would go well with Server Allocation on the same level.

> # SteelShield for Agones

Reviewer: Sounds good :+1:  Don't forget to change it in the sidebar :)

> SteelShield for Agones protects the Agones game server traffic from your GameFabric installation

Reviewer 2: A Question, do we want to refer to it as `Agones` game server traffic. Why not the GameFabric game server traffic?

Author: Yeah I also noticed that this phrase sounds weird with the new section naming. Can you have another look at the introduction sentence?

with powerful mitigations.

## Pre-requisites

In order to protect the Agones game server traffic, your GameFabric installation requires:

- The SteelShield for Agones support enabled, usually indicated by the presence of the Protection/SteelShield navigation item.
- Sites that support SteelShield, e.g. bare-metal.

## Mitigations

SteelShield provides mitigations that are tailored to check and let through only specific game or network traffic.
To make use of the pre-defined mitigations you must create a new Protocol.

## Protocols

A Protocol – sometimes referred to as Protection Protocol, to distinguish it from a 
network protocol such as UDP or TCP –
describes your game traffic or what ever type of traffic you send through your game server ports.

When you create a new Protocol, you must select a Mitigation and a network protocol.
The network protocol that you select must be compatible with the Mitigation and their network protocol in order to be selectable.

![create-protocol.png](images/create-protocol.png)

::: warning
You can restrict your Protocol to only support one UDP or TCP, even though the Mitigation would allow both.

> The other way round – allow both where only one is supported by the Mitigation – is not allowed.

Author: The other way around sounds weird (while deepl is fine with both). @nrwiersma to the rescue?!

> The other way round – allow both where only one is supported by the Mitigation – is not allowed.

Reviewer 2: `around` is correct. `round` is slang or a circle.

:::

> Once the Protocol is created, it is available to all ArmadaSets, Armadas, Formations or Vessels.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the Protocol is created, it is available to all ArmadaSets, Armadas, Formations and Vessels.
```

Nonetheless you need to actively select a Protection Protocol for each game server port of these entities.

## Protect game server ports

Any Armada Set, Armada, Formation or Vessel requires at least one game server port. 
This port is usually to allow communication between your game server and your connecting game clients.
It is common to even use multiple ports, one for the game engine, one for query services and so on.
For each of them you can apply different Protocols.

> All ports are potentially vulnerable to attacks, so by setting a Protection Protocol,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All ports are potentially vulnerable to attack, so by setting a Protection Protocol,
```

> SteelShield applies a mitigation action to the traffic that goes through these ports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SteelShield applies a mitigation action to the traffic on these ports.
```

When the port is unprotected (`none`), SteelShield forwards any traffic without checking or filtering it.

> You can find the Protocol assignment right next to the port specification under 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find the Protocol assignment to the right of the port specification under 
```

> Vessel » Settings » Containers » Container Ports. It is the same for Armada Sets, Armadas and Formations.

Author: ```suggestion
Vessel » Settings » Containers » Container Ports. It is the same for ArmadaSets, Armadas and Formations.
```

> Vessel » Settings » Containers » Container Ports. It is the same for Armada Sets, Armadas and Formations.

Author: I left out Vessels because it is part of the example in the sentence before.

I generally find it a bit annoying to not have a common term for all of these four types. Hm.
